Timed Analyst Exercise:
The data:  Attached is a file of anonymized 15-minute interval data for a commercial 
customer in Ontario, CA – in Southern California Edison’s service territory.  This file (aside 
from the obvious replacement of identifying information) was downloaded from our 
UtilityAPI dashboard.  

One more fact about this customer: They’re on the SCE tariff known as “TOU-GS-2-D.”  
Because I assume you love reading tariffs, I’ve attached the pdf from SCE’s website 
describing the details of that rate.

Please don’t try to figure out the real customer name and address – but I would like to know 
some other things about this customer.  Assume that the customer is billed once per 
month, based on their usage during the calendar month.  Here come a lot of questions – 
I’m as interested in your process as in the answers.  Tell me what tool you’re using to figure 
out each answer – and include that tool.  If you’re making an excel file, send that.  If you’re 
writing a python or R program, send that.  If you don’t finish (and you probably won’t), write 
down (in your selected tool) where you left off on each question, and what you would do 
next if you had more time.  Say what assumptions you’re making, and what external data 
sources and tools you’d use if you could.  

1.	The file is kind of messy, just as all real data are.  Extract all the calendar year 2024 
data (and nothing else).  What is the peak demand for each month?  (Yes, just each 
calendar month in 2024 – we can worry about “billing periods” another day!)

2.	What is the peak demand during the On-Peak pricing period in each summer month, 
and the peak demand in the Mid-Peak pricing period in each winter month?

3.	What is the total energy usage in each month?  

4.	What is the total energy usage in each time-of-use period for each month?  

5.	Based on the attached tariff, about how much does the customer pay on their SCE 
bill in each month?
	a.	How much of that is based on demand?
	b.	How much is based on energy?

6.	Approximately how much of the energy used at this site is related to heating, 
ventilation, and cooling?  How would you figure that out? What data would you use 
and where would you get it?  How would you set up the problem, and how would you 
solve it?

7.	If a new PV solar system with a capacity of 300 kW (AC) were installed behind the 
meter, by how much would all the values in questions 1 through 5 change?  How 
would you figure that out? What data would you use and where would you get it?   
How would you set up the problem, and how would you solve it?

8.	Instead of solar, imagine a new battery system capable of storing 250 kWh is 
installed behind the meter. By how much would all the values in questions 1 through 
5 change?  How would you set up the problem, and how would you solve it?


